1) What is OOPs ?

oops stands for object oriented programming structured language.

oops used to MVC concept in php8.

oops support some features 

a)	Class
b)	Object
c)	Inheritance
d)	Polymorphism
e)	Abstract
f)	Encapsulation

Oops used to crate a dynamic web application or website in PHP8 using MVC architecture.
Oops provides security to secured your applications
 
Oops used some magic methods 

Ex: __construct, __destruct etc

Oops used to protect your data using access modifier and access specifier 

a)	Public 
b)	Private 
c)	Protected 



2) What Are Properties Of Object Oriented Systems ?

=> There are three major features in object oriented programming that makes them deffrent then non-lenguage encapsulation,inheritance and polymorphims.



3) What Is Difference Between Class And Interface ?

=> Abstract class = 1) abstract class can have Abstract and non Abstract method
				  2) Abstract class does support multi inheritance.
				  3) Abstract can have final,non final-static and non-static variables.

=> inheritance =    1) interface can have only Abstract methos sincs java 8 it can have default and static method also.
				 2) interface support multipale inheritance.
				 3) interface has only static and final variable.
				 4) inherface cant provide the implementation of abstract class


4)  What Is Overloading ?

=> Function overloading in php is used to dyanamically crete properites and method these dynamic entities are processed by magic methods which can be used in a class a for 
various action types,function overloading contains same function name and that function performs different task according to number of arguments.


5) What are the differences between abstract classes and interfaces ?

=> Class:- A class can supported and methods both an abstract as well as concrete methods.
		- multiple inheritance is not supported.
		- Final non-final,static and non-static variable supported.

=> Abstact:- interface can have only abstract methods java8 onword it can have default as well as static methods
		   - interface support multiple inheritance.
		   - only static and final variable are permitted.
 